a distinctive feature of
radio-controlled
Jarra helicopters his availability of a
gyroscope what is it let us try to
understand a gyroscope was invented
already in the early 19th century by
Johann Balan Berger a well-known
philosopher and scientist for core first
use it as an instrument shown change in
the direction of the earth and was he
who introduced the term however the
gyroscopic effect in itself is not
something about it it exists objectively
as a law of physics an example of its
action is a usual children's table which
rotates around its axis and doesn't halt
maintaining an upright position at the
floor bearing point of the top there is
a force under the action of which the
axis OS rotation delays from the
vertical the centrifugal force of the
rotating mass prevents changing the
plane of the rotation and forces a top
to maintain the given orientation in
space during the motion now the
gyroscope is a device that allows
maintaining directional stability of the
body in space during its motion in
modern industry gyroscopes are used in
instruments of navigation to maintain
the heading it is also used during the
design of real helicopters planes
rockets and submarines when it is used
in radio-controlled helicopters the
gyroscope provides substantial advantage
for example during the fly to the
helicopters tail may be sworn to some
side the gyroscope detects this
deviation and gives signals to a
propeller motors to resist the deviation
therefore the helicopter doesn't spin
around its axis and maintains the head
the new radio-controlled helicopters use
small Pierce electric sensors five times
smaller than a penny coin thanks to them
the flattened model is easy to control
it becomes balanced fans a
radio-controlled models know how
difficult it is to fly small helicopters
compared to real helicopters holding
flew in a sky the models are sworn and
turned and soft landing is only dream
in the beginning helicopters were the
gyroscope due to instability of flight
allow learning to pilot them without
hassle and fear to break the toy you
have full control over the process your
model is most obedient in addition the
case and nonlin blades of Jarrah
helicopters are very firm
you